Update urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md (#2795)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md

[Managing Office 365 endpoints](managing-office-365-endpoints.md)
  
[Troubleshooting Office 365 connectivity](https://support.office.com/article/d4088321-1c89-4b96-9c99-54c75cae2e6d.aspx)

> [Root CA and the Intermediate CA bundle on the 3rd party application system](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/encryption-office-365-certificate-chains?view=o365-worldwide)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Root CA and the Intermediate CA bundle on the third-party application system](../compliance/encryption-office-365-certificate-chains.md)
```
